mcp-server/PUBLISHING.md, before:

# MCP Server NPM Release Guide

Internal checklist for shipping `@xmartlabs/vytallink-mcp-server` to the public npm registry.

## Prerequisites
- Member of the `@xmartlabs` npm org with publish rights and 2FA enabled.
- Logged in via `npm whoami` (run `npm login` with an OTP if the session expired).
- Local environment on Node.js 18+ (matches production target) and a clean `main` branch.
- Access to a staging backend URL for a quick smoke test (set `VYTALLINK_BASE_URL`).

## Release Steps
1. Sync the repo:
   ```bash
   git checkout main && git pull
   cd mcp-server
   ```
2. Install dependencies and run a lightweight smoke test (point to staging if needed):
   ```bash
   npm install
   VYTALLINK_BASE_URL=<backend-url> npm start # optional smoke test
   ```
   Stop the process after it confirms startup.
3. Decide the semantic bump (patch/minor/major) and update the version without auto-tagging:
   ```bash
   npm version <patch|minor|major> --no-git-tag-version
   ```
   Verify only `package.json` changed.
4. Inspect the publish payload before pushing:
   ```bash
   npm pack --dry-run
   ```
   Ensure only `vytalLink_mcp_server.js`, `README.md`, and `LICENSE` are included.
5. Publish to npm (fails if the version already exists or you are not authenticated):
   ```bash
   npm publish --access public
   ```
   Enter the OTP when prompted.
6. Confirm availability and copy the tarball URL for release notes:
   ```bash
   npm view @xmartlabs/vytallink-mcp-server version
   ```
7. Commit, tag, and push the release metadata:
   ```bash
   git commit -am "chore(mcp-server): release v<version>"
   git tag mcp-server-v<version>
   git push origin main --tags
   ```
8. Share the release (Slack, changelog, or GitHub release) and update any documentation that references the new version.

## Troubleshooting
- **401 Unauthorized**: run `npm logout`, then `npm login` with valid org credentials and OTP.
- **Version already published**: revert the version bump, choose a higher semver, and repeat step 3.
- **Missing files**: adjust the `files` array in `package.json`, rerun `npm pack --dry-run`, and publish again.

Commit message:

feat: add Claude Desktop extension bundle support and update documentation
- Add manifest.json for Claude Desktop extension configuration
- Introduce scripts for packaging and icon processing (package-extension.js, update-icon.js)
- Add .npmignore to exclude desktop-specific files from npm package
- Update .gitignore for MCP bundles and Node.js artifacts
- Add README-CLAUDE.md and README-NPM.md for targeted documentation
- Update README.md and PUBLISHING.md with new installation and publishing instructions
- Update package.json with new scripts, keywords, and improved metadata
- Add package-lock.json for dependency tracking

mcp-server/PUBLISHING.md, after:

# MCP Server NPM Release Guide

Internal checklist for shipping `@xmartlabs/vytallink-mcp-server` to the public npm registry.

## Prerequisites
- Member of the `@xmartlabs` npm org with publish rights and 2FA enabled.
- Logged in via `npm whoami` (run `npm login` with an OTP if the session expired).
- Local environment on Node.js 18+ (matches production target) and a clean `main` branch.
- Access to a staging backend URL for a quick smoke test (set `VYTALLINK_BASE_URL`).

## Release Steps
1. Sync the repo:
   ```bash
   git checkout main && git pull
   cd mcp-server
   ```
2. Install dependencies and run a lightweight smoke test (point to staging if needed):
   ```bash
   npm install
   VYTALLINK_BASE_URL=<backend-url> npm start # optional smoke test
   ```
   Stop the process after it confirms startup.
3. Decide the semantic bump (patch/minor/major) and update the version without auto-tagging:
   ```bash
   npm version <patch|minor|major> --no-git-tag-version
   ```
   Verify only `package.json` changed.
4. Inspect the npm publish payload:
   ```bash
   npm pack --dry-run
   ```
   Ensure only `vytalLink_mcp_server.js`, `README.md`, `LICENSE`, and `package.json` are included (no Claude Desktop files).
5. Build the Claude Desktop extension bundle (separately):
   ```bash
   npm run mcpb:package
   ```
   This creates `mcp-server.mcpb` in the root directory. Confirm the bundle exists and attach it to the release notes.
6. Publish to npm (fails if the version already exists or you are not authenticated):
   ```bash
   npm publish --access public
   ```
   Enter the OTP when prompted.
7. Confirm availability and copy the tarball URL for release notes:
   ```bash
   npm view @xmartlabs/vytallink-mcp-server version
   ```
8. Commit, tag, and push the release metadata:
   ```bash
   git commit -am "chore(mcp-server): release v<version>"
   git tag mcp-server-v<version>
   git push origin main --tags
   ```
9. Share the release (Slack, changelog, or GitHub release) and update any documentation that references the new version.

## Troubleshooting
- **401 Unauthorized**: run `npm logout`, then `npm login` with valid org credentials and OTP.
- **Version already published**: revert the version bump, choose a higher semver, and repeat step 3.
- **Missing files**: adjust the `files` array in `package.json`, rerun `npm pack --dry-run`, and publish again.
